# Yard work and weeding
This weekend my wife, step-daughters, and I worked in both the front and 
backyards cleaning, picking weeds, and general yard chores on Saturday
and Sunday. The weather was nice both mornings with increasing cloudy 
weather starting in the afternoon. My wife focused on the clipping the 
dead grasses back to the green growth. She then used our electric leaf blower 
for the first time and blew out the leaves in our front-yard rock beds and 
the bushes into the street and our driveway. My stepdaughters Meghan and 
Carmen swept up the leaves, dirt, and dust into our trash can. On Sunday,
they both picked up rocks as we started cleaning some of the rock beds in
the back yard.

I picked dandelions in the front yard and I kept and cleaned the young 
dandelion greens for an early spring salad that I had for a late lunch today. 
I also added some of the microgreens that were close to the correct size 
from my indoor grow station. There a few more seeds starting to come up and
I hoping with the forecasted warmer weather for the next week that I'll have
more seeds sprouting. I am going to wait until the second or third of week
of May before relocating the seeds into the rose beds or into their separate 
outdoor containers for the upcoming season. I had started growing a celery 
stalk from [kitchen scraps](https://www.apieceofrainbow.com/veggetables-herbs-regrow-kitchen-scraps/)
and I'll probably move it to a garden container first or take the plunge and 
plant it in the roses and onion beds. One good note is that onions continue
to grow from last season and as long as we continue to water it when dry, 
I am hoping for a mid-summer harvest of onions.
